https://activate.codefi.network/staking/airswap/governance: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.aave.com/markets: Connect wallet, Browser wallet
https://app.badger.finance: Connect, MetaMask
https://app.balancer.fi: Connect, Metamask
https://app.bancor.network/eth/data: Connect, MetaMask
https://app.barnbridge.com: Connect Wallet, Metamask
https://app.bifi.finance/lend: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.boringdao.com: Connect Wallet, Metamask
https://app.compound.finance: Connect Wallet, Metamask
https://app.defisaver.com: Connect wallet, MetaMask
https://app.dodoex.io: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.enzyme.finance/depositor/leaderboard: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.fei.money: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.flexa.network: Connect your wallet, MetaMask
https://app.mai.finance: Connect to a wallet, MetaMask
https://app.maple.finance: Connect Wallet, Metamask
https://app.pickle.finance: Connect wallet, Metamask
https://app.rari.capital: Connect, Metamask
https://app.rari.capital: Connect, Metamask
https://app.reflexer.finance: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.reflexer.finance: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.sushi.com: Connect to a wallet, MetaMask
https://app.uniswap.org: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.vesper.finance: Connect Wallet, Metamask
https://app.warp.finance: Connect wallet, Metamask
https://app.yield.is: Connect a wallet, Metamask
https://app.zerion.io: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://dashboard.keep.network/overview: connect wallet, MetaMask
https://defi.instadapp.io: Connect, MetaMask
https://exchange.dfyn.network: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://foundation.app: Connect, 
https://app.harvest.finance: , MetaMask
https://app.idle.finance: , 
https://inverse.finance/anchor: Wallet, Metamask
https://liquity.app: , Connect to MetaMask
https://notional.finance/portfolio: Connect a Wallet, MetaMask
https://o3swap.com/swap: Connect Wallet, Connect MetaMask
https://oasis.app/dashboard: Connect a wallet, Connect MetaMask
https://pancakeswap.finance: Connect, Metamask
https://pay.sablier.finance: Sign in, MetaMask
https://saddle.exchange: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://tinlake.centrifuge.io: Connect wallet, MetaMask
https://wasabix.finance/#/app: Wallet, Metamask
https://www.akropolis.io/app/home: Connect to wallet, Metamask
& Web3
https://www.convexfinance.com: Connect Wallet, MetaMask
https://app.indexcoop.com: Connect Wallet, MetaMask